Open the Team module, then under Sales Coaching, click QA Dashboard.
p02
This area records how staff sell at the register and scores every interaction against a script.
p03
Three pages hold it: the dashboard, the scripts behind it, and the conversations themselves.
p04
Start with the four numbers up top.
p05
Average score this month, how many conversations fed it,
p06
the share clearing the seventy-five percent target, and the swing against last month.
p07
Green and up means the team is trending the right way.
p08
Look at the trend.
p09
Twelve weeks of average score, drawn against a dashed line at the target.
p10
When the solid line rides above the dash, the team is clearing the bar.
p11
Right now it's climbing.
p12
Now the distribution.
p13
Every scored interaction falls into a letter grade, A through F.
p14
Half of them land in the B band this month.
p15
The A's and B's together are your at-or-above-target share, in one glance.
p16
Here's the panel that earns its keep.
p17
Seven behaviors the platform listens for on every call, from greeting to closing,
p18
each with a hit rate.
p19
Membership sits at forty-seven percent, in red, well below the rest.
p20
There's the gap.
p21
The system already flagged it.
p22
The Coaching Opportunity callout takes that weakest number
p23
and turns it into a sentence a manager can act on: focus training on the membership pitch.
p24
Read this panel first when you open the dashboard.
p25
On the right, the leaderboard.
p26
Top performers this month by average score, each with their conversation count next to it.
p27
Notice volume and score don't always line up.
p28
The button underneath jumps to every conversation, but leave it for now.
p29
Scroll to the recent activity table.
p30
The last ten interactions across every location: who, when, where, how long, and the grade.
p31
The script column shows only a dash, so it won't tell you which script scored the call.
p32
For that, we open the scripts page.
p33
Click Scoring Scripts.
p34
Its own header: two active scripts, one draft,
p35
seven checkpoints on average, and two hundred eighty-four scored this month.
p36
That last number is the same pool the dashboard counted, just labelled differently.
p37
This is the rulebook.
p38
Each script defines what the AI grades and how it's weighted.
p39
A default standard-wash script, a membership-focused one with a higher target,
p40
and a win-back script still in draft.
p41
You read these; a manager builds and edits them.
p42
One note card sits below.
p43
It's best-practice guidance on weighting: revenue behaviors like membership highest,
p44
soft skills like greeting lowest, and a pass mark around seventy-five to eighty percent.
p45
Helpful context, but it's just a note, not a setting.
p46
Last page. Click Conversations.
p47
Same headline numbers as the dashboard, plus one that matters most for triage: needs coaching.
p48
Twelve interactions this month scored low enough to review.
p49
That's your work queue.
p50
This is the full log, all two hundred eighty-four records.
p51
Search by employee or transcript, filter, or export, though we won't export today.
p52
Each row is one scored interaction.
p53
Ignore the checkpoints-met column here;
p54
it reads zero of eight on every row, which is just demo data.
p55
The real hit rates live on the dashboard.
p56
Put the three together.
p57
The dashboard flagged membership as weak.
p58
The scripts page holds the script built to fix it.
p59
And this log is where a manager pulls the actual calls to coach from.
p60
One weak number, three pages, a real next step.
p61
So, three pages, three questions.
p62
How's the team and what's weak: the QA Dashboard.
p63
What are we grading against: Scoring Scripts.
p64
Show me the actual calls: Conversations.
p65
You read all three; the managers you support act on them.